jquery.drilldownSelector

========================
1. OVERVIEW:
========================

This jQuery plugin generates a HTML/CSS/jQuery driven drilldown menu
for selecting a Drupal Workbench Access Section on node edit & create 
forms.  It will replace the <select> box that is generated by the 
module, and replace it with a nested <ul> structure.  Users can 
navigate through this structure much more easily than scrolling down
through a large list of available sections.

========================
2. USAGE:
========================

INCLUDE FILES:
    jquery,
    jquery.drilldownSelector.min.js or jquery.drilldownSelector.js,
    jquery.drilldownSelector.min.css or jquery.drilldownSelector.css


HTML EXAMPLE:

    The following structure will be used.
    
    <select multiple="multiple" name="workbench_access[]" 
    id="edit-workbench-access--2" class="form-select required">
        <option value="menu-main"> Main</option>
        <option value="1001">- About Us</option>
        <option value="1002" selected>-- Locations</option>
        <option value="1003">--- Philadelphia, PA</option>
        <option value="1004">--- New York, NY</option>
        ...
    </select>


INITIALIZE PLUGIN:
    
    jQuery("edit-workbench-access--2").drilldownSelector({ options... });


AVAILABLE OPTIONS:

    An object of options can be passed in in JavaScript Object Notation;
    below are all available options and their default values.

        containerClass:     "drilldownSelectorContainer",
            //Class for the parent <div>
                            
        loaderClass:        "drilldownSelectorLoader",
            //Class for the loading bar <div>
                            
        loaderText:         "Loading...",
            //String for the loading text (replaced by image in default CSS)
                            
        menuClass:          "drilldownSelectorMenu",
            //Class for the <div> containing the <ul> structure
                            
        navClass:           "drilldownSelectorNav",
            //Class for the <div> containing the Home and Back buttons.
                            
        navBackClass:       "back",
            //Class for the Back button
                            
        navBackText:        "Back",
            //Text for the Back button
                            
        navHomeClass:       "home",
            //Class for the Home button
                            
        navHomeText:        "Home",
            //Text for the Home button
        
        hasSubsClass:       "hasSubs",
            //Class for <li>s that have a subsection.
        
        checkboxClass:      "checkbox",
            //Class for the checkbox
        
        onChange:           function () { return false; }  
            //Callback function on CHECKBOX change.


PUBLIC METHODS:

    Once the plugin has been initialized, the following public method
    will be available for use:

    .getValue():
    
        $("[original selector]").data("drilldownSelector").getValue();
        This method will return the current selected item's value.